#An exposition with practicall observations upon the three first chapters of the proverbs: grammaticall rhetoricall, logicall, and theologicall. As they were delivered in severall expository lectures at Christ-church in Canterbury. / By Francis Taylor, B. in D.#

##Taylor, Francis, 1590-1656.##
An exposition with practicall observations upon the three first chapters of the proverbs: grammaticall rhetoricall, logicall, and theologicall. As they were delivered in severall expository lectures at Christ-church in Canterbury. / By Francis Taylor, B. in D.
Taylor, Francis, 1590-1656.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A95/A95065.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A95/A95065.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-99866374e)

**Availability**

To the extent possible under law, the Text Creation Partnership has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above, according to the terms of the CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). This waiver does not extend to any page images or other supplementary files associated with this work, which may be protected by copyright or other license restrictions. Please go to https://www.textcreationpartnership.org/ for more information about the project.

**Major revisions**

1. __2011-10__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2011-10__ __SPi Global__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2012-01__ __Lauren Proux__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2012-01__ __Lauren Proux__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2012-05__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Front#####
AN EXPOSITION WITH Practicall Obſervations UPON The three firſt Chapters of the PROVERBS:
Grammatica
1. To the Honourable Truſtees for MAINTENANCE of MINISTERS, And other Pious uſes, &c.

1. Advertiſements for the Reader.

#####Body#####

1. AN EXPOSITION OF THE Three firſt Chapters of the Proverbs.
PROV. 1.1. The Proverbs of Solomon the ſon of David King of Iſrael.IT is the cuſtome of Preachers, aPROV. 1.1. The Proverbs of Solomon the ſon of David King of Iſrael.IT is the cuſtome of Preachers, aVerſ. 2. To know wiſdome and instruction, to perceive the words of underſtanding.In the five verſes Verſ. 3. To receive the inſtruction of wiſdom, juſtice, and judgement, and equity.The former verſe dVerſ. 4. To give ſubtilty to the ſimple, to the young man knowledge, and diſcretion.The common good Verſ. 5. A wiſeman will bear, and will increaſe learning; and a man of understanding ſhall attain unVerſ. 6. To underſtand a Proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wiſe, and their dark ſayiVerſ. 7. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge; but fools deſpiſe wiſdome and inſtructiVerſ. 8. My Son, hear the inſtruction of thy Father, and forſake not the Law of thy Mother.In the reVerſ. 9. For they ſhall be an ornament of grace unto thy head, and chains about thy neek.The reaſon Verſ. 10. My Son, if ſinners entice thee, conſent thou not.The Wiſe man proceeds in a very fit methoVerſ. 11. If they ſay, Come with us, let us lay wait for blood, let us lurk privily for the innocentVerſ. 12. Let us ſwallow them up alive, as the grave; and whole, as thoſe that go down into the pit.Verſ. 13. We ſhall finde all precious ſubſtance, and ſhall fill our houſes with ſpoyl.The Wiſe man hVerſ. 14. Caſt in thy lot among us, let us all have one purſe.Ye have heard the Theeves arguments anVerſ. 15. My Son, walk not thou in the way with them, refrain thy foot from their path.Ye have the RVerſ. 16. For their feet run to evil, and make haſt to ſhed blood.The Dehortation was in the former Verſ. 17. Surely in vain the net is ſpread in the ſight of any bird.We come now to Solomon's ſecond Verſ. 18. And they lay wait for their owne blood, they lurk privily for their owne lives.Here the WiVerſ. 19. So are the wayes of every one that is greedy of gain, which laketh away the life of the owVerſ. 20. Wiſdome eryeth without, ſhe uttereth her voyce in the ſtreets.Solomon like a good PhyſiciaVerſ. 21. She cryeth in the chief places of concourſe, in the ••••ings of the gates, in the City ſheVerſ. 22. How long ye ſimple ones will ye love ſimplicity? and the ſcorners delight in ſcorning, andVerſ. 23. Turn you at my repreof; behold, I will pour out my ſpirit unto you, I will make known my wVerſ. 24. Becauſe I have called, and ye refuſed; I have ſtretched out my hand, and no man regarded.IVerſ. 25. But ye have ſet at nought all my counſell, and would none of my reproof.Wiſdome proceeds iVerſ. 26. I alſo will laugh at your calamity, I will mock when your ſear cometh.The cauſes of their Verſ. 27. When your fear cometh as deſolation, and your deſtruction cometh as a whirlewind, when diſVerſ. 28. There ſhall they call upon me, but I will not anſwer; they ſhal ſeek me early, but they ſhVerſ. 29. For that they hated knowledge, and did not chooſe the fear of the Lord.We are come to the Verſ. 30. They would none of my counſell, they deſpiſed all my reproof.The third and fourth cauſe ofVerſ. 31. Therefore ſhall they eat of the fruit of their owne way, and be filled with their owne devVerſ. 32. For the turning away of the ſimple ſhall ſlay them, and the proſperity of fools ſhall deſtVerſ. 33. But who ſo hearkneth unto me, ſhall dwell ſafely, and ſhall be quiet from fear of evill.WiVerſ. 1. My Son, if thou wilt receive my words, and hide my commandements with thee.Solomon having bVerſ. 2. So that thou incline thine ears unto wiſdome, and apply thine heart unto underſtanding.We aVerſ. 3. Yea, if thou cryeſt after knowledge, and lifteſt up thy voyce for underſtanding.The third hVerſ. 4. If thou ſeekeſt her as ſilver, and ſearcheſt for her as for hid treaſures.The Wiſe-man is nVerſ. 5. Then ſhall thou underſtand the fear of the Lord, and finde the knowledge of God.The way to Verſ. 6. For the Lord giveth wiſdome; out of his mouth cometh knowledge and underſtanding.Here are tVerſ. 7. He layeth up ſound wiſdome for the righteous, he is a buckler to them that walk uprightly.TVerſ. 8. He keepeth the paths of judgement, and preſerveth the way of his Saints.Here are the two laVerſ. 9. Then ſhalt thou underſtand righteouſneſſe, and judgement, and equity; yea, every good path.Verſ. 10. When wiſdome entreth into thine heart, and knowledge is pleaſant unto thy ſoul.The Wiſe-maVerſ. 11. Diſcretion ſhall preſerve thee, underſtanding ſhall keep thee.Now for the preſervation it Verſ. 12. To deliver thee from the way of the evill man, from the man that ſpeaketh froward things.HVerſ. 13. Who leave the paths of uprightneſſe, to walk in the wayes of darkneſſe.The Wiſeman now comVerſ. 14. Who rejoyce to do evill, and delight in the frowardneſſe of the wicked.The third note of aVerſ. 15. Whoſe wayes are crooked, and they froward in their paths.It is no wonder, that wicked men Verſ. 16. To deliver thee from the ſtrange woman, even from the ſtranger which flattereth with her wVerſ. 17. Which forſaketh the guide of her youth, and forgetteth the covenant of her God.We are now Verſ. 18. For her houſe enclineth unto death, and her paths unto the dead.The Wiſe-man proceeds to ſVerſ. 19. None that go unto her return again, neither take they hold on the paths of life.The woundsVerſ. 20. That thou mayeſt walke in the wayes of good men, and keep the paths of the righteous.So muVerſ. 21. For the upright ſhall dwell in the land: and the perfect ſhall remain in it.The Chapter isVerſ. 22. But the wicked ſhall be cut off from the earth, and the tranſgreſſors ſhall be rooted out VER. 1. My Son, forget not my law, but let thine heart keep my commandments.THe order of Solomon is VERSE 2. For length of daies, and long life, and peace ſhall they adde unto thee.THe Exhortation wasVERSE 3. Let not mercy and truth forſake thee: bind them about thy neck, write them upon the Table oVER. IV. So ſhalt thou find favour, and good understanding in the ſight of God and man.THE wiſe man VERSE 5. Truſt in the Lord with all thine heart: and lean not unto thine own underſtanding.HEre follVERSE 6. In all thy waies acknowledge him, and he ſhall direct thy paths.COnfidence on God was requiVER. 7. Be not wiſe in thine own eyes, fear the Lord, and depart from evil.IN this verſe is a ſcale VERSE 8. It ſhall be health to thy Navell, and Marrow to thy bones.THE promiſe follows to encourage VERSE 9. Honour the Lord with thy ſubſtance, and with the firſt fruits of all thine increaſe.IN thisVERSE 10. So ſhall thy barnes be filled with plenty, and thy preſses ſhall burſt out with new wine.IVER. 11. My Son, deſpiſe not the chaſtning of the Lord, neither be weary of his correction.HEre is aVER. 12. For whom the Lord loveth, he correcteth, even as a father the ſon, in whum he delighteth.BEVER. 13. Happy is the man that findeth wiſdome, and the man that getteth underſtanding.THough this bVER. 14. For the Merchandiſe of it is better then the Merchandiſe of ſilver: and the gain thereof thVER. 15. She is more pretious then Rubies, and all the things thou canſt deſire, are not to be compaVER. 16. Length of daies is in her right hand, and in her left hand riches and honour.LEſt any man ſVER. 17. Her waies are waies of pleaſantneſs: and all her paths are peace.HEre is another motive to VER. 18. She is a tree of life to them, that lay hold on her, and happy is every one, that retainethVER. 19. The Lord by wiſdom hath founded the Earth, by underſtanding hath he eſtabliſhed the heavensVER. 20. By his knowledge the depths are broken up, and the clouds drop down the dew.GODS infinite wVER. 21: My ſon, let not them depart from thine eyes: keep found wiſdom and diſcretion.SOlomon havinVER. 22. So ſhall they be life unto thy Soul, and grace to thy neck.UNto the former exhortation are VER. 23. Then ſhalt thou walke in thy way ſafely, and thy foot ſhall not ſtumble.NOw the wiſe man ſhVER. 24. When thou lieſt down, thou ſhalt not be affraid; yea, thou ſhalt lie down, and thy ſleep ſhVERSE 25. Be not afraid of ſudden fear, neither of the deſolation of the wicked, when it cometh.THE VER. 26. For the Lord ſhall be thy confidence, and ſhall keep thy foot from being taken.IT being a gVER. 27. Withhold not good from them to whom it is due, when it is in the power of thine hand to do VER. 28. Say not unto thy neighbour, go, and come again, and to morrow I will give, when thou haſt iVER. 29. Deviſe not evill againſt thy neighbour, ſeeing he dwelleth ſecurely by thee.THE wiſe man haVERSE 30. Strive not with a man without cauſe, if hee have done thee no harm.IN the former verſe, ſiVER. 31. Envy thou not the oppreſſour, and chuſe none of his waies.THE Dehortation is not needleſſe.VER. 32. For the froward is an abomination io the Lord: but his ſecret is with the righteous.THE reaVERSE 33. The curſe of the Lord is in the houſe of the wickeed: but he bleſseth the habitation of thVER. 34. Surely he ſcorneth the ſcorners: but he giveth grace unto the lowly.GODS ſeverity againſt aVER. 35. The wiſe ſhall inherit glory, but ſhame ſhall be the promotion of fooles.HEre is the laſt m
    _ CHAP. II.
PROV. 1.1. The Proverbs of Solomon the ſon of David King of Iſrael.IT is the cuſtome of Preachers, aVerſ. 2. To know wiſdome and instruction, to perceive the words of underſtanding.In the five verſes Verſ. 3. To receive the inſtruction of wiſdom, juſtice, and judgement, and equity.The former verſe dVerſ. 4. To give ſubtilty to the ſimple, to the young man knowledge, and diſcretion.The common good Verſ. 5. A wiſeman will bear, and will increaſe learning; and a man of understanding ſhall attain unVerſ. 6. To underſtand a Proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wiſe, and their dark ſayiVerſ. 7. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge; but fools deſpiſe wiſdome and inſtructiVerſ. 8. My Son, hear the inſtruction of thy Father, and forſake not the Law of thy Mother.In the reVerſ. 9. For they ſhall be an ornament of grace unto thy head, and chains about thy neek.The reaſon Verſ. 10. My Son, if ſinners entice thee, conſent thou not.The Wiſe man proceeds in a very fit methoVerſ. 11. If they ſay, Come with us, let us lay wait for blood, let us lurk privily for the innocentVerſ. 12. Let us ſwallow them up alive, as the grave; and whole, as thoſe that go down into the pit.Verſ. 13. We ſhall finde all precious ſubſtance, and ſhall fill our houſes with ſpoyl.The Wiſe man hVerſ. 14. Caſt in thy lot among us, let us all have one purſe.Ye have heard the Theeves arguments anVerſ. 15. My Son, walk not thou in the way with them, refrain thy foot from their path.Ye have the RVerſ. 16. For their feet run to evil, and make haſt to ſhed blood.The Dehortation was in the former Verſ. 17. Surely in vain the net is ſpread in the ſight of any bird.We come now to Solomon's ſecond Verſ. 18. And they lay wait for their owne blood, they lurk privily for their owne lives.Here the WiVerſ. 19. So are the wayes of every one that is greedy of gain, which laketh away the life of the owVerſ. 20. Wiſdome eryeth without, ſhe uttereth her voyce in the ſtreets.Solomon like a good PhyſiciaVerſ. 21. She cryeth in the chief places of concourſe, in the ••••ings of the gates, in the City ſheVerſ. 22. How long ye ſimple ones will ye love ſimplicity? and the ſcorners delight in ſcorning, andVerſ. 23. Turn you at my repreof; behold, I will pour out my ſpirit unto you, I will make known my wVerſ. 24. Becauſe I have called, and ye refuſed; I have ſtretched out my hand, and no man regarded.IVerſ. 25. But ye have ſet at nought all my counſell, and would none of my reproof.Wiſdome proceeds iVerſ. 26. I alſo will laugh at your calamity, I will mock when your ſear cometh.The cauſes of their Verſ. 27. When your fear cometh as deſolation, and your deſtruction cometh as a whirlewind, when diſVerſ. 28. There ſhall they call upon me, but I will not anſwer; they ſhal ſeek me early, but they ſhVerſ. 29. For that they hated knowledge, and did not chooſe the fear of the Lord.We are come to the Verſ. 30. They would none of my counſell, they deſpiſed all my reproof.The third and fourth cauſe ofVerſ. 31. Therefore ſhall they eat of the fruit of their owne way, and be filled with their owne devVerſ. 32. For the turning away of the ſimple ſhall ſlay them, and the proſperity of fools ſhall deſtVerſ. 33. But who ſo hearkneth unto me, ſhall dwell ſafely, and ſhall be quiet from fear of evill.WiVerſ. 1. My Son, if thou wilt receive my words, and hide my commandements with thee.Solomon having bVerſ. 2. So that thou incline thine ears unto wiſdome, and apply thine heart unto underſtanding.We aVerſ. 3. Yea, if thou cryeſt after knowledge, and lifteſt up thy voyce for underſtanding.The third hVerſ. 4. If thou ſeekeſt her as ſilver, and ſearcheſt for her as for hid treaſures.The Wiſe-man is nVerſ. 5. Then ſhall thou underſtand the fear of the Lord, and finde the knowledge of God.The way to Verſ. 6. For the Lord giveth wiſdome; out of his mouth cometh knowledge and underſtanding.Here are tVerſ. 7. He layeth up ſound wiſdome for the righteous, he is a buckler to them that walk uprightly.TVerſ. 8. He keepeth the paths of judgement, and preſerveth the way of his Saints.Here are the two laVerſ. 9. Then ſhalt thou underſtand righteouſneſſe, and judgement, and equity; yea, every good path.Verſ. 10. When wiſdome entreth into thine heart, and knowledge is pleaſant unto thy ſoul.The Wiſe-maVerſ. 11. Diſcretion ſhall preſerve thee, underſtanding ſhall keep thee.Now for the preſervation it Verſ. 12. To deliver thee from the way of the evill man, from the man that ſpeaketh froward things.HVerſ. 13. Who leave the paths of uprightneſſe, to walk in the wayes of darkneſſe.The Wiſeman now comVerſ. 14. Who rejoyce to do evill, and delight in the frowardneſſe of the wicked.The third note of aVerſ. 15. Whoſe wayes are crooked, and they froward in their paths.It is no wonder, that wicked men Verſ. 16. To deliver thee from the ſtrange woman, even from the ſtranger which flattereth with her wVerſ. 17. Which forſaketh the guide of her youth, and forgetteth the covenant of her God.We are now Verſ. 18. For her houſe enclineth unto death, and her paths unto the dead.The Wiſe-man proceeds to ſVerſ. 19. None that go unto her return again, neither take they hold on the paths of life.The woundsVerſ. 20. That thou mayeſt walke in the wayes of good men, and keep the paths of the righteous.So muVerſ. 21. For the upright ſhall dwell in the land: and the perfect ſhall remain in it.The Chapter isVerſ. 22. But the wicked ſhall be cut off from the earth, and the tranſgreſſors ſhall be rooted out VER. 1. My Son, forget not my law, but let thine heart keep my commandments.THe order of Solomon is VERSE 2. For length of daies, and long life, and peace ſhall they adde unto thee.THe Exhortation wasVERSE 3. Let not mercy and truth forſake thee: bind them about thy neck, write them upon the Table oVER. IV. So ſhalt thou find favour, and good understanding in the ſight of God and man.THE wiſe man VERSE 5. Truſt in the Lord with all thine heart: and lean not unto thine own underſtanding.HEre follVERSE 6. In all thy waies acknowledge him, and he ſhall direct thy paths.COnfidence on God was requiVER. 7. Be not wiſe in thine own eyes, fear the Lord, and depart from evil.IN this verſe is a ſcale VERSE 8. It ſhall be health to thy Navell, and Marrow to thy bones.THE promiſe follows to encourage VERSE 9. Honour the Lord with thy ſubſtance, and with the firſt fruits of all thine increaſe.IN thisVERSE 10. So ſhall thy barnes be filled with plenty, and thy preſses ſhall burſt out with new wine.IVER. 11. My Son, deſpiſe not the chaſtning of the Lord, neither be weary of his correction.HEre is aVER. 12. For whom the Lord loveth, he correcteth, even as a father the ſon, in whum he delighteth.BEVER. 13. Happy is the man that findeth wiſdome, and the man that getteth underſtanding.THough this bVER. 14. For the Merchandiſe of it is better then the Merchandiſe of ſilver: and the gain thereof thVER. 15. She is more pretious then Rubies, and all the things thou canſt deſire, are not to be compaVER. 16. Length of daies is in her right hand, and in her left hand riches and honour.LEſt any man ſVER. 17. Her waies are waies of pleaſantneſs: and all her paths are peace.HEre is another motive to VER. 18. She is a tree of life to them, that lay hold on her, and happy is every one, that retainethVER. 19. The Lord by wiſdom hath founded the Earth, by underſtanding hath he eſtabliſhed the heavensVER. 20. By his knowledge the depths are broken up, and the clouds drop down the dew.GODS infinite wVER. 21: My ſon, let not them depart from thine eyes: keep found wiſdom and diſcretion.SOlomon havinVER. 22. So ſhall they be life unto thy Soul, and grace to thy neck.UNto the former exhortation are VER. 23. Then ſhalt thou walke in thy way ſafely, and thy foot ſhall not ſtumble.NOw the wiſe man ſhVER. 24. When thou lieſt down, thou ſhalt not be affraid; yea, thou ſhalt lie down, and thy ſleep ſhVERSE 25. Be not afraid of ſudden fear, neither of the deſolation of the wicked, when it cometh.THE VER. 26. For the Lord ſhall be thy confidence, and ſhall keep thy foot from being taken.IT being a gVER. 27. Withhold not good from them to whom it is due, when it is in the power of thine hand to do VER. 28. Say not unto thy neighbour, go, and come again, and to morrow I will give, when thou haſt iVER. 29. Deviſe not evill againſt thy neighbour, ſeeing he dwelleth ſecurely by thee.THE wiſe man haVERSE 30. Strive not with a man without cauſe, if hee have done thee no harm.IN the former verſe, ſiVER. 31. Envy thou not the oppreſſour, and chuſe none of his waies.THE Dehortation is not needleſſe.VER. 32. For the froward is an abomination io the Lord: but his ſecret is with the righteous.THE reaVERSE 33. The curſe of the Lord is in the houſe of the wickeed: but he bleſseth the habitation of thVER. 34. Surely he ſcorneth the ſcorners: but he giveth grace unto the lowly.GODS ſeverity againſt aVER. 35. The wiſe ſhall inherit glory, but ſhame ſhall be the promotion of fooles.HEre is the laſt m
    _ CHAP. III.
PROV. 1.1. The Proverbs of Solomon the ſon of David King of Iſrael.IT is the cuſtome of Preachers, aVerſ. 2. To know wiſdome and instruction, to perceive the words of underſtanding.In the five verſes Verſ. 3. To receive the inſtruction of wiſdom, juſtice, and judgement, and equity.The former verſe dVerſ. 4. To give ſubtilty to the ſimple, to the young man knowledge, and diſcretion.The common good Verſ. 5. A wiſeman will bear, and will increaſe learning; and a man of understanding ſhall attain unVerſ. 6. To underſtand a Proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wiſe, and their dark ſayiVerſ. 7. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge; but fools deſpiſe wiſdome and inſtructiVerſ. 8. My Son, hear the inſtruction of thy Father, and forſake not the Law of thy Mother.In the reVerſ. 9. For they ſhall be an ornament of grace unto thy head, and chains about thy neek.The reaſon Verſ. 10. My Son, if ſinners entice thee, conſent thou not.The Wiſe man proceeds in a very fit methoVerſ. 11. If they ſay, Come with us, let us lay wait for blood, let us lurk privily for the innocentVerſ. 12. Let us ſwallow them up alive, as the grave; and whole, as thoſe that go down into the pit.Verſ. 13. We ſhall finde all precious ſubſtance, and ſhall fill our houſes with ſpoyl.The Wiſe man hVerſ. 14. Caſt in thy lot among us, let us all have one purſe.Ye have heard the Theeves arguments anVerſ. 15. My Son, walk not thou in the way with them, refrain thy foot from their path.Ye have the RVerſ. 16. For their feet run to evil, and make haſt to ſhed blood.The Dehortation was in the former Verſ. 17. Surely in vain the net is ſpread in the ſight of any bird.We come now to Solomon's ſecond Verſ. 18. And they lay wait for their owne blood, they lurk privily for their owne lives.Here the WiVerſ. 19. So are the wayes of every one that is greedy of gain, which laketh away the life of the owVerſ. 20. Wiſdome eryeth without, ſhe uttereth her voyce in the ſtreets.Solomon like a good PhyſiciaVerſ. 21. She cryeth in the chief places of concourſe, in the ••••ings of the gates, in the City ſheVerſ. 22. How long ye ſimple ones will ye love ſimplicity? and the ſcorners delight in ſcorning, andVerſ. 23. Turn you at my repreof; behold, I will pour out my ſpirit unto you, I will make known my wVerſ. 24. Becauſe I have called, and ye refuſed; I have ſtretched out my hand, and no man regarded.IVerſ. 25. But ye have ſet at nought all my counſell, and would none of my reproof.Wiſdome proceeds iVerſ. 26. I alſo will laugh at your calamity, I will mock when your ſear cometh.The cauſes of their Verſ. 27. When your fear cometh as deſolation, and your deſtruction cometh as a whirlewind, when diſVerſ. 28. There ſhall they call upon me, but I will not anſwer; they ſhal ſeek me early, but they ſhVerſ. 29. For that they hated knowledge, and did not chooſe the fear of the Lord.We are come to the Verſ. 30. They would none of my counſell, they deſpiſed all my reproof.The third and fourth cauſe ofVerſ. 31. Therefore ſhall they eat of the fruit of their owne way, and be filled with their owne devVerſ. 32. For the turning away of the ſimple ſhall ſlay them, and the proſperity of fools ſhall deſtVerſ. 33. But who ſo hearkneth unto me, ſhall dwell ſafely, and ſhall be quiet from fear of evill.WiVerſ. 1. My Son, if thou wilt receive my words, and hide my commandements with thee.Solomon having bVerſ. 2. So that thou incline thine ears unto wiſdome, and apply thine heart unto underſtanding.We aVerſ. 3. Yea, if thou cryeſt after knowledge, and lifteſt up thy voyce for underſtanding.The third hVerſ. 4. If thou ſeekeſt her as ſilver, and ſearcheſt for her as for hid treaſures.The Wiſe-man is nVerſ. 5. Then ſhall thou underſtand the fear of the Lord, and finde the knowledge of God.The way to Verſ. 6. For the Lord giveth wiſdome; out of his mouth cometh knowledge and underſtanding.Here are tVerſ. 7. He layeth up ſound wiſdome for the righteous, he is a buckler to them that walk uprightly.TVerſ. 8. He keepeth the paths of judgement, and preſerveth the way of his Saints.Here are the two laVerſ. 9. Then ſhalt thou underſtand righteouſneſſe, and judgement, and equity; yea, every good path.Verſ. 10. When wiſdome entreth into thine heart, and knowledge is pleaſant unto thy ſoul.The Wiſe-maVerſ. 11. Diſcretion ſhall preſerve thee, underſtanding ſhall keep thee.Now for the preſervation it Verſ. 12. To deliver thee from the way of the evill man, from the man that ſpeaketh froward things.HVerſ. 13. Who leave the paths of uprightneſſe, to walk in the wayes of darkneſſe.The Wiſeman now comVerſ. 14. Who rejoyce to do evill, and delight in the frowardneſſe of the wicked.The third note of aVerſ. 15. Whoſe wayes are crooked, and they froward in their paths.It is no wonder, that wicked men Verſ. 16. To deliver thee from the ſtrange woman, even from the ſtranger which flattereth with her wVerſ. 17. Which forſaketh the guide of her youth, and forgetteth the covenant of her God.We are now Verſ. 18. For her houſe enclineth unto death, and her paths unto the dead.The Wiſe-man proceeds to ſVerſ. 19. None that go unto her return again, neither take they hold on the paths of life.The woundsVerſ. 20. That thou mayeſt walke in the wayes of good men, and keep the paths of the righteous.So muVerſ. 21. For the upright ſhall dwell in the land: and the perfect ſhall remain in it.The Chapter isVerſ. 22. But the wicked ſhall be cut off from the earth, and the tranſgreſſors ſhall be rooted out VER. 1. My Son, forget not my law, but let thine heart keep my commandments.THe order of Solomon is VERSE 2. For length of daies, and long life, and peace ſhall they adde unto thee.THe Exhortation wasVERSE 3. Let not mercy and truth forſake thee: bind them about thy neck, write them upon the Table oVER. IV. So ſhalt thou find favour, and good understanding in the ſight of God and man.THE wiſe man VERSE 5. Truſt in the Lord with all thine heart: and lean not unto thine own underſtanding.HEre follVERSE 6. In all thy waies acknowledge him, and he ſhall direct thy paths.COnfidence on God was requiVER. 7. Be not wiſe in thine own eyes, fear the Lord, and depart from evil.IN this verſe is a ſcale VERSE 8. It ſhall be health to thy Navell, and Marrow to thy bones.THE promiſe follows to encourage VERSE 9. Honour the Lord with thy ſubſtance, and with the firſt fruits of all thine increaſe.IN thisVERSE 10. So ſhall thy barnes be filled with plenty, and thy preſses ſhall burſt out with new wine.IVER. 11. My Son, deſpiſe not the chaſtning of the Lord, neither be weary of his correction.HEre is aVER. 12. For whom the Lord loveth, he correcteth, even as a father the ſon, in whum he delighteth.BEVER. 13. Happy is the man that findeth wiſdome, and the man that getteth underſtanding.THough this bVER. 14. For the Merchandiſe of it is better then the Merchandiſe of ſilver: and the gain thereof thVER. 15. She is more pretious then Rubies, and all the things thou canſt deſire, are not to be compaVER. 16. Length of daies is in her right hand, and in her left hand riches and honour.LEſt any man ſVER. 17. Her waies are waies of pleaſantneſs: and all her paths are peace.HEre is another motive to VER. 18. She is a tree of life to them, that lay hold on her, and happy is every one, that retainethVER. 19. The Lord by wiſdom hath founded the Earth, by underſtanding hath he eſtabliſhed the heavensVER. 20. By his knowledge the depths are broken up, and the clouds drop down the dew.GODS infinite wVER. 21: My ſon, let not them depart from thine eyes: keep found wiſdom and diſcretion.SOlomon havinVER. 22. So ſhall they be life unto thy Soul, and grace to thy neck.UNto the former exhortation are VER. 23. Then ſhalt thou walke in thy way ſafely, and thy foot ſhall not ſtumble.NOw the wiſe man ſhVER. 24. When thou lieſt down, thou ſhalt not be affraid; yea, thou ſhalt lie down, and thy ſleep ſhVERSE 25. Be not afraid of ſudden fear, neither of the deſolation of the wicked, when it cometh.THE VER. 26. For the Lord ſhall be thy confidence, and ſhall keep thy foot from being taken.IT being a gVER. 27. Withhold not good from them to whom it is due, when it is in the power of thine hand to do VER. 28. Say not unto thy neighbour, go, and come again, and to morrow I will give, when thou haſt iVER. 29. Deviſe not evill againſt thy neighbour, ſeeing he dwelleth ſecurely by thee.THE wiſe man haVERSE 30. Strive not with a man without cauſe, if hee have done thee no harm.IN the former verſe, ſiVER. 31. Envy thou not the oppreſſour, and chuſe none of his waies.THE Dehortation is not needleſſe.VER. 32. For the froward is an abomination io the Lord: but his ſecret is with the righteous.THE reaVERSE 33. The curſe of the Lord is in the houſe of the wickeed: but he bleſseth the habitation of thVER. 34. Surely he ſcorneth the ſcorners: but he giveth grace unto the lowly.GODS ſeverity againſt aVER. 35. The wiſe ſhall inherit glory, but ſhame ſhall be the promotion of fooles.HEre is the laſt m
#####Back#####

1. 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉

1. 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉 A Table of the Doctrines ariſing from the words.

**Types of content**

  * There are 24 **verse** lines!
  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 720 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (720) : foreign (546), illegible (174)  •  @__resp__ (174) : #KEYERS (174)  •  @__extent__ (174) : 1 letter (143), 1 word (9), 2 letters (18), 3 letters (2), 4 letters (2)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|àèùâòìáêé|224 232 249 226 242 236 225 234 233|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|Latin Extended-B|Ʋ|434|
|Combining             Diacritical Marks|̄|772|
|General Punctuation|•|8226|
|Geometric Shapes|◊▪|9674 9642|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2012-10 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|10.|__extent__|2||
|11.|__fileDesc__|1||
|12.|__idno__|7| @__type__ (7) : DLPS (1), STC (3), EEBO-CITATION (1), PROQUEST (1), VID (1)|
|13.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|14.|__label__|5||
|15.|__langUsage__|1||
|16.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|17.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|18.|__note__|6||
|19.|__notesStmt__|2||
|20.|__p__|11||
|21.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|22.|__profileDesc__|1||
|23.|__projectDesc__|1||
|24.|__pubPlace__|2||
|25.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|26.|__publisher__|2||
|27.|__ref__|1| @__target__ (1) : http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|28.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|29.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|30.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|31.|__term__|1||
|32.|__textClass__|1||
|33.|__title__|3||
|34.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__abbr__|1||
|2.|__am__|16||
|3.|__back__|1||
|4.|__bibl__|90||
|5.|__body__|1||
|6.|__closer__|2||
|7.|__desc__|720||
|8.|__div__|99| @__type__ (99) : title_page (1), dedication (1), author_to_the_reader (1), expositions (1), chapter (3), verse (90), enclosed_table (2)  •  @__n__ (93) : 1 (4), 2 (4), 3 (4), 4 (3), 5 (3), 6 (3), 7 (3), 8 (3), 9 (3), 10 (3), 11 (3), 12 (3), 13 (3), 14 (3), 15 (3), 16 (3), 17 (3), 18 (3), 19 (3), 20 (3), 21 (3), 22 (3), 23 (2), 24 (2), 25 (2), 26 (2), 27 (2), 28 (2), 29 (2), 30 (2), 31 (2), 32 (2), 33 (2), 34 (1), 35 (1)|
|9.|__epigraph__|90||
|10.|__ex__|16||
|11.|__expan__|16||
|12.|__front__|1||
|13.|__g__|3056| @__ref__ (3056) : char:EOLhyphen (2665), char:V (370), char:abque (16), char:punc (4), char:cmbAbbrStroke (1)|
|14.|__gap__|720| @__reason__ (720) : foreign (546), illegible (174)  •  @__resp__ (174) : #KEYERS (174)  •  @__extent__ (174) : 1 letter (143), 1 word (9), 2 letters (18), 3 letters (2), 4 letters (2)|
|15.|__head__|53| @__type__ (1) : sub (1)|
|16.|__hi__|8848||
|17.|__item__|855||
|18.|__l__|24||
|19.|__lg__|10||
|20.|__list__|231||
|21.|__opener__|2||
|22.|__p__|4148| @__n__ (1993) : 1 (314), 2 (812), 3 (348), 4 (244), 5 (116), 6 (99), 9 (11), 10 (6), 7 (19), 8 (16), 11 (3), 12 (2), 13 (1), 14 (1), 15 (1)|
|23.|__pb__|563| @__facs__ (563) : tcp:118645:1 (1), tcp:118645:2 (2), tcp:118645:3 (2), tcp:118645:4 (2), tcp:118645:5 (2), tcp:118645:6 (2), tcp:118645:7 (2), tcp:118645:8 (2), tcp:118645:9 (2), tcp:118645:10 (2), tcp:118645:11 (2), tcp:118645:12 (2), tcp:118645:13 (2), tcp:118645:14 (2), tcp:118645:15 (2), tcp:118645:16 (2), tcp:118645:17 (2), tcp:118645:18 (2), tcp:118645:19 (2), tcp:118645:20 (2), tcp:118645:21 (2), tcp:118645:22 (2), tcp:118645:23 (2), tcp:118645:24 (2), tcp:118645:25 (2), tcp:118645:26 (2), tcp:118645:27 (2), tcp:118645:28 (2), tcp:118645:29 (2), tcp:118645:30 (2), tcp:118645:31 (2), tcp:118645:32 (2), tcp:118645:33 (2), tcp:118645:34 (2), tcp:118645:35 (2), tcp:118645:36 (2), tcp:118645:37 (2), tcp:118645:38 (2), tcp:118645:39 (2), tcp:118645:40 (2), tcp:118645:41 (2), tcp:118645:42 (2), tcp:118645:43 (2), tcp:118645:44 (2), tcp:118645:45 (2), tcp:118645:46 (2), tcp:118645:47 (2), tcp:118645:48 (2), tcp:118645:49 (2), tcp:118645:50 (2), tcp:118645:51 (2), tcp:118645:52 (2), tcp:118645:53 (2), tcp:118645:54 (2), tcp:118645:55 (2), tcp:118645:56 (2), tcp:118645:57 (2), tcp:118645:58 (2), tcp:118645:59 (2), tcp:118645:60 (2), tcp:118645:61 (2), tcp:118645:62 (2), tcp:118645:63 (2), tcp:118645:64 (2), tcp:118645:65 (2), tcp:118645:66 (2), tcp:118645:67 (2), tcp:118645:68 (2), tcp:118645:69 (2), tcp:118645:70 (2), tcp:118645:71 (2), tcp:118645:72 (2), tcp:118645:73 (2), tcp:118645:74 (2), tcp:118645:75 (2), tcp:118645:76 (2), tcp:118645:77 (2), tcp:118645:78 (2), tcp:118645:79 (2), tcp:118645:80 (2), tcp:118645:81 (2), tcp:118645:82 (2), tcp:118645:83 (2), tcp:118645:84 (2), tcp:118645:85 (2), tcp:118645:86 (2), tcp:118645:87 (2), tcp:118645:88 (2), tcp:118645:89 (2), tcp:118645:90 (2), tcp:118645:91 (2), tcp:118645:92 (2), tcp:118645:93 (2), tcp:118645:94 (2), tcp:118645:95 (2), tcp:118645:96 (2), tcp:118645:97 (2), tcp:118645:98 (2), tcp:118645:99 (2), tcp:118645:100 (2), tcp:118645:101 (2), tcp:118645:102 (2), tcp:118645:103 (2), tcp:118645:104 (2), tcp:118645:105 (2), tcp:118645:106 (2), tcp:118645:107 (2), tcp:118645:108 (2), tcp:118645:109 (2), tcp:118645:110 (2), tcp:118645:111 (2), tcp:118645:112 (2), tcp:118645:113 (2), tcp:118645:114 (2), tcp:118645:115 (2), tcp:118645:116 (2), tcp:118645:117 (2), tcp:118645:118 (2), tcp:118645:119 (2), tcp:118645:120 (2), tcp:118645:121 (2), tcp:118645:122 (2), tcp:118645:123 (2), tcp:118645:124 (2), tcp:118645:125 (2), tcp:118645:126 (2), tcp:118645:127 (2), tcp:118645:128 (2), tcp:118645:129 (2), tcp:118645:130 (2), tcp:118645:131 (2), tcp:118645:132 (2), tcp:118645:133 (2), tcp:118645:134 (2), tcp:118645:135 (2), tcp:118645:136 (2), tcp:118645:137 (2), tcp:118645:138 (2), tcp:118645:139 (2), tcp:118645:140 (2), tcp:118645:141 (2), tcp:118645:142 (2), tcp:118645:143 (2), tcp:118645:144 (2), tcp:118645:145 (2), tcp:118645:146 (2), tcp:118645:147 (2), tcp:118645:148 (2), tcp:118645:149 (2), tcp:118645:150 (2), tcp:118645:151 (2), tcp:118645:152 (2), tcp:118645:153 (2), tcp:118645:154 (2), tcp:118645:155 (2), tcp:118645:156 (2), tcp:118645:157 (2), tcp:118645:158 (2), tcp:118645:159 (2), tcp:118645:160 (2), tcp:118645:161 (2), tcp:118645:162 (2), tcp:118645:163 (2), tcp:118645:164 (2), tcp:118645:165 (2), tcp:118645:166 (2), tcp:118645:167 (2), tcp:118645:168 (2), tcp:118645:169 (2), tcp:118645:170 (2), tcp:118645:171 (2), tcp:118645:172 (2), tcp:118645:173 (2), tcp:118645:174 (2), tcp:118645:175 (2), tcp:118645:176 (2), tcp:118645:177 (2), tcp:118645:178 (2), tcp:118645:179 (2), tcp:118645:180 (2), tcp:118645:181 (2), tcp:118645:182 (2), tcp:118645:183 (2), tcp:118645:184 (2), tcp:118645:185 (2), tcp:118645:186 (2), tcp:118645:187 (2), tcp:118645:188 (2), tcp:118645:189 (2), tcp:118645:190 (2), tcp:118645:191 (2), tcp:118645:192 (2), tcp:118645:193 (2), tcp:118645:194 (2), tcp:118645:195 (2), tcp:118645:196 (2), tcp:118645:197 (2), tcp:118645:198 (2), tcp:118645:199 (2), tcp:118645:200 (2), tcp:118645:201 (2), tcp:118645:202 (2), tcp:118645:203 (2), tcp:118645:204 (2), tcp:118645:205 (2), tcp:118645:206 (2), tcp:118645:207 (2), tcp:118645:208 (2), tcp:118645:209 (2), tcp:118645:210 (2), tcp:118645:211 (2), tcp:118645:212 (2), tcp:118645:213 (2), tcp:118645:214 (2), tcp:118645:215 (2), tcp:118645:216 (2), tcp:118645:217 (2), tcp:118645:218 (2), tcp:118645:219 (2), tcp:118645:220 (2), tcp:118645:221 (2), tcp:118645:222 (2), tcp:118645:223 (2), tcp:118645:224 (2), tcp:118645:225 (2), tcp:118645:226 (2), tcp:118645:227 (2), tcp:118645:228 (2), tcp:118645:229 (2), tcp:118645:230 (2), tcp:118645:231 (2), tcp:118645:232 (2), tcp:118645:233 (2), tcp:118645:234 (2), tcp:118645:235 (2), tcp:118645:236 (2), tcp:118645:237 (2), tcp:118645:238 (2), tcp:118645:239 (2), tcp:118645:240 (2), tcp:118645:241 (2), tcp:118645:242 (2), tcp:118645:243 (2), tcp:118645:244 (2), tcp:118645:245 (2), tcp:118645:246 (2), tcp:118645:247 (2), tcp:118645:248 (2), tcp:118645:249 (2), tcp:118645:250 (2), tcp:118645:251 (2), tcp:118645:252 (2), tcp:118645:253 (2), tcp:118645:254 (2), tcp:118645:255 (2), tcp:118645:256 (2), tcp:118645:257 (2), tcp:118645:258 (2), tcp:118645:259 (2), tcp:118645:260 (2), tcp:118645:261 (2), tcp:118645:262 (2), tcp:118645:263 (2), tcp:118645:264 (2), tcp:118645:265 (2), tcp:118645:266 (2), tcp:118645:267 (2), tcp:118645:268 (2), tcp:118645:269 (2), tcp:118645:270 (2), tcp:118645:271 (2), tcp:118645:272 (2), tcp:118645:273 (2), tcp:118645:274 (2), tcp:118645:275 (2), tcp:118645:276 (2), tcp:118645:277 (2), tcp:118645:278 (2), tcp:118645:279 (2), tcp:118645:280 (2), tcp:118645:281 (2), tcp:118645:282 (2)  •  @__rendition__ (2) : simple:additions (2)  •  @__n__ (535) : 1 (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (1), 7 (1), 8 (1), 10 (1), 11 (1), 12 (1), 13 (1), 14 (1), 15 (1), 16 (1), 17 (1), 18 (1), 19 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 23 (1), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1), 27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1), 30 (1), 31 (1), 32 (1), 33 (1), 34 (1), 35 (1), 36 (1), 37 (1), 38 (1), 39 (1), 40 (1), 41 (1), 42 (1), 43 (1), 44 (1), 45 (1), 46 (1), 47 (1), 48 (2), 49 (1), 50 (1), 51 (1), 52 (1), 53 (1), 54 (1), 55 (1), 56 (1), 57 (1), 58 (1), 59 (1), 60 (1), 61 (1), 62 (1), 63 (1), 64 (1), 65 (1), 66 (1), 67 (1), 68 (1), 69 (1), 70 (1), 71 (1), 72 (1), 73 (1), 74 (1), 75 (1), 76 (1), 77 (1), 78 (1), 79 (1), 80 (1), 81 (1), 82 (1), 83 (1), 84 (1), 85 (1), 86 (1), 87 (1), 88 (1), 89 (1), 90 (1), 91 (1), 92 (1), 93 (1), 94 (1), 95 (1), 96 (1), 97 (1), 98 (1), 99 (1), 100 (1), 101 (1), 102 (1), 103 (1), 104 (1), 105 (1), 106 (1), 107 (1), 108 (1), 109 (1), 110 (1), 111 (1), 112 (1), 113 (1), 114 (1), 115 (1), 116 (1), 117 (1), 118 (1), 119 (1), 120 (1), 121 (1), 122 (1), 123 (1), 124 (1), 125 (1), 126 (1), 127 (1), 128 (1), 129 (1), 130 (1), 131 (1), 132 (1), 133 (1), 134 (1), 135 (1), 136 (1), 137 (1), 138 (1), 139 (1), 140 (1), 141 (1), 142 (1), 143 (1), 144 (1), 145 (1), 146 (1), 147 (1), 148 (1), 149 (1), 150 (1), 151 (1), 152 (1), 153 (1), 154 (1), 155 (1), 156 (1), 157 (1), 158 (1), 159 (1), 160 (1), 161 (1), 162 (1), 163 (1), 164 (1), 165 (1), 166 (1), 167 (1), 168 (1), 169 (1), 170 (1), 171 (1), 172 (1), 173 (1), 174 (1), 175 (1), 176 (1), 177 (1), 178 (1), 179 (1), 180 (1), 181 (1), 182 (1), 183 (1), 184 (1), 185 (1), 186 (1), 187 (1), 188 (1), 189 (1), 190 (1), 191 (1), 192 (1), 193 (1), 194 (1), 195 (1), 196 (1), 197 (1), 198 (1), 199 (1), 200 (1), 201 (1), 202 (1), 203 (1), 204 (1), 205 (1), 206 (1), 207 (1), 208 (1), 209 (1), 210 (1), 211 (1), 212 (1), 213 (1), 214 (1), 215 (1), 216 (1), 217 (1), 218 (1), 219 (1), 220 (1), 221 (1), 222 (1), 223 (1), 224 (1), 225 (1), 226 (1), 227 (1), 228 (1), 229 (1), 230 (1), 231 (1), 232 (1), 233 (1), 234 (1), 235 (1), 236 (1), 237 (1), 238 (1), 239 (1), 240 (1), 241 (1), 242 (1), 243 (1), 244 (1), 245 (1), 246 (1), 247 (1), 248 (1), 249 (1), 250 (1), 251 (1), 252 (1), 253 (1), 254 (1), 255 (1), 256 (1), 257 (1), 258 (1), 259 (1), 260 (1), 261 (1), 262 (1), 263 (1), 264 (1), 265 (1), 266 (1), 267 (1), 268 (1), 269 (1), 270 (1), 271 (1), 272 (1), 273 (1), 274 (1), 275 (1), 276 (1), 277 (1), 278 (1), 279 (1), 280 (1), 281 (1), 282 (1), 283 (1), 284 (1), 285 (1), 286 (1), 287 (1), 288 (1), 289 (1), 290 (1), 291 (1), 292 (1), 293 (1), 294 (1), 295 (1), 296 (1), 297 (1), 298 (1), 299 (1), 300 (1), 310 (2), 302 (1), 303 (1), 304 (1), 305 (1), 306 (1), 307 (1), 308 (1), 309 (1), 311 (1), 312 (1), 313 (1), 314 (1), 315 (1), 316 (1), 317 (1), 318 (1), 319 (1), 320 (1), 321 (1), 322 (1), 323 (1), 324 (1), 325 (1), 326 (1), 327 (1), 328 (1), 329 (1), 330 (1), 331 (1), 332 (1), 333 (1), 334 (1), 335 (1), 336 (1), 337 (1), 338 (1), 339 (1), 340 (1), 341 (1), 342 (1), 343 (1), 344 (1), 345 (1), 346 (1), 347 (1), 348 (1), 349 (1), 350 (1), 351 (1), 352 (1), 353 (1), 354 (1), 355 (1), 369 (1), 370 (1), 371 (1), 372 (1), 373 (2), 374 (1), 376 (1), 377 (1), 378 (1), 379 (1), 380 (1), 381 (1), 382 (1), 383 (1), 394 (2), 385 (1), 386 (1), 387 (1), 388 (1), 389 (1), 390 (1), 391 (1), 392 (1), 393 (1), 395 (1), 396 (1), 397 (1), 398 (1), 399 (1), 400 (1), 401 (1), 402 (1), 403 (1), 404 (1), 405 (1), 406 (1), 407 (1), 408 (1), 409 (1), 410 (1), 411 (1), 412 (1), 413 (1), 414 (1), 415 (1), 416 (1), 417 (1), 418 (1), 419 (1), 420 (1), 421 (1), 422 (1), 423 (1), 424 (1), 425 (1), 426 (1), 427 (1), 428 (1), 429 (1), 430 (1), 431 (1), 432 (1), 433 (1), 434 (1), 435 (1), 436 (1), 437 (1), 440 (2), 439 (1), 441 (1), 442 (1), 443 (1), 444 (1), 445 (1), 446 (1), 447 (1), 448 (1), 449 (1), 450 (1), 451 (1), 452 (1), 453 (1), 454 (1), 455 (1), 456 (1), 457 (1), 458 (1), 459 (1), 460 (1), 461 (1), 462 (1), 463 (1), 464 (1), 465 (1), 466 (1), 467 (1), 468 (1), 469 (1), 470 (1), 471 (1), 472 (1), 473 (1), 474 (1), 475 (2), 476 (1), 477 (1), 478 (1), 479 (1), 480 (1), 482 (1), 483 (1), 484 (1), 486 (1), 487 (1), 488 (1), 489 (1), 490 (1), 491 (1), 492 (1), 493 (1), 494 (1), 495 (1), 496 (1), 497 (1), 498 (1), 499 (1), 500 (1), 501 (1), 502 (1), 503 (1), 504 (1), 505 (1), 506 (1), 507 (1), 508 (1), 509 (1), 510 (1), 511 (1), 512 (1), 513 (1), 514 (1), 515 (1), 516 (1), 517 (1), 518 (1), 519 (1), 520 (1), 521 (1), 522 (1), 526 (1), 524 (1), 525 (1), 523 (1), 527 (1), 528 (1), 529 (1), 530 (1), 531 (1), 532 (1), 533 (1), 534 (1), 535 (1), 536 (1), 537 (1), 538 (1), 539 (1), 540 (1), 541 (1), 542 (1), 543 (1), 544 (1), 545 (1), 546 (1), 547 (1), 548 (1), 549 (1)|
|24.|__q__|95||
|25.|__salute__|2||
|26.|__seg__|1| @__rend__ (1) : decorInit (1)|
|27.|__signed__|2||
|28.|__trailer__|3||
